README.md, before:

# dbzs-hyper-patcher
A patcher for DBZ Sparking! HYPER that fixes a **couple of its crashes** and some **typos**. Comes with both a **command-line** and **GUI** version. 

Either way, it will only work as intended on an **untouched copy of DBZ Sparking! HYPER**, which can be found on [its website](https://dbzs-hyper.nekoweb.org/).

# How to Use
## Command-line
1. Navigate to the folder where the tool is downloaded, go to the address bar, type ``cmd`` and press Enter.
<img width="1408" height="742" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/abad76d2-02b1-40cd-ac89-8542f6c959bf" />

2. Type the following, then press Enter: ``java -jar dbzs-hyper-patcher.jar -h``.
<img width="1126" height="762" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7fd70c8b-572e-4100-8308-138787b5888d" />

3. Following the example below, specify the path to the ISO, as well as the patch type. Patch types are ordered from most to least important, but ``-fix-all`` is strongly encouraged.
<img width="1126" height="762" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/346c0714-584f-4081-a5a8-9b8c2654f8f3" />

## GUI
1. Double-click ``dbzs-hyper-patcher.jar``.
<img width="1408" height="742" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1520aa04-75d6-43f5-a3f3-2dff19cbfec8" />

2. Choose the patch type from the dropdown menu ~~(or JComboBox)~~. For explanation on the chosen patch type, hover over it for a tooltip to show up.
<img width="1408" height="742" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/17b17628-1590-43ad-a2b0-13be92f181a0" />

3. Click the ``Apply Patch`` button and choose the untouched copy of DBZ Sparking! HYPER.
<img width="944" height="632" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5bf591a3-2431-43b3-ae9b-dfee1ca5e962" />

<img width="1118" height="748" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f556ee3f-1965-48c7-9727-f7056b8c4bcf" />

<img width="329" height="151" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a80f90ce-f54a-4bbd-aa6a-f3eaf215f1a3" />

Commit message:

Added Buutenks fix and HeadlessException handling
For context, Super Buu - Gotenks Absorbed would use the wrong audio for his Special Attacks if Japanese voices were selected.

As for the exception, that would pop up for Android users if they tried to run the program's UI, which Android does not support...

README.md, after:

# dbzs-hyper-patcher
A patcher for DBZ Sparking! HYPER that fixes a variety of issues: **crashes, typos, audio, visuals**. Comes with both a **command-line** and **GUI** version. 

Either way, it will only work as intended on an **untouched copy of DBZ Sparking! HYPER**, which can be found on [its website](https://dbzs-hyper.nekoweb.org/).

# How to Use
## Command-line
1. Navigate to the folder where the tool is downloaded, go to the address bar, type ``cmd`` and press Enter.
<img width="1408" height="742" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/abad76d2-02b1-40cd-ac89-8542f6c959bf" />

2. Type the following, then press Enter: ``java -jar dbzs-hyper-patcher.jar -h``.
<img width="1126" height="762" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7fd70c8b-572e-4100-8308-138787b5888d" />

3. Following the example below, specify the path to the ISO, as well as the patch type. Patch types are ordered chronologically, but ``-fix-all`` is strongly encouraged.
<img width="1126" height="762" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/346c0714-584f-4081-a5a8-9b8c2654f8f3" />

## GUI
1. Double-click ``dbzs-hyper-patcher.jar``.
<img width="1408" height="742" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1520aa04-75d6-43f5-a3f3-2dff19cbfec8" />

2. Choose the patch type from the dropdown menu ~~(or JComboBox)~~. For explanation on the chosen patch type, hover over it for a tooltip to show up.
<img width="1408" height="742" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/17b17628-1590-43ad-a2b0-13be92f181a0" />

3. Click the ``Apply Patch`` button and choose the untouched copy of DBZ Sparking! HYPER.
<img width="944" height="632" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5bf591a3-2431-43b3-ae9b-dfee1ca5e962" />

<img width="1118" height="748" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f556ee3f-1965-48c7-9727-f7056b8c4bcf" />

<img width="329" height="151" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a80f90ce-f54a-4bbd-aa6a-f3eaf215f1a3" />
